UNION PUBLIC SERVICE COMMISSION
PRESS NOTE
CIVIL SERVICES (PRELIMINARY) EXAMINATION, 2024

Dated: 07" June, 2024

Union Public Service Commission will be conducting the Civil
Services (Preliminary) Examination, 2024 on 16" June, 2024 (Sunday) all
over India. The Commission has uploaded the e-Admit Cards of the
admitted candidates on its website (http://upsconline.nic.in). The
candidates are advised to download their e-Admit Cards and take a
printout. e-Admit Card must be preserved till the declaration of the final
results of the Civil Services Examination, 2024. No paper Admit Card
will be issued for this Examination. “Important Instructions to the
candidates” appended with the e-Admit Card must be read carefully by
the Candidates.

e The candidates will have to produce the printout of their e-Admit Card at
the allotted Venue for appearing at the Examination. A candidate, who
does not produce his/her e-Admit Card for checking at the allotted
venue, shall not be allowed to take the Examination. The candidates
are also required to carry along the Photo ID card, whose number is
mentioned in the e-Admit Card, for appearing at each session of the
Examination.

© A candidate, whose photograph on his/her e-Admit Card is not clear or
the photograph is without his/her name and date of photograph, will have
to_bring a photo identity card alongwith two passport size photographs
(with his/her name and date of photograph), one for each session for
appearing in the Examination with an undertaking.

e Jn case of any discrepancy in the e-Admit Card, the same may be
communicated to the Commission immediately by email (at email ID
uscsp-upsc(@nic.in) for taking decision in the matter.

¢ It may also be noted that entry into the Examination Venue shall be
closed _30_minutes_before the scheduled commencement of _ the
Examination i.e. 09.00_AM for the Forenoon Session and 02.00 PM for -
the Afternoon Session. No candidate shall be allowed the entry into the
Examination Venue after closure of the entry. Candidates should also
note that they shall not be allowed to appear at any other Examination
Venue except the Examination Venue mentioned in the e-Admit Card.

e Candidates may please ensure _that_all the details such_as Name,
Photograph and the OR Code on their e-Admit Card, are correct. In case

of any discrepancy(ies), they may contact UPSC in this regard.

OQ


e Candidates are not allowed to enter the examination premises with any
valuables/costly items, mobile phones, smart/digital watches, other IT
gadgets, books, bags etc. Candidates are advised not to bring banned
items as Venue Supervisors will not make any arrangement for keeping
these items at the Venue. In case, a Candidate brings any such banned
items, he/she will make his/her own arrangements for keeping the same
outside the Venue and the Commission will not be responsible for any
loss in this regard. Further, the candidates will be allowed to take with
them only e-Admit Card, pen, pencil, identity proof, copies of self-
photographs (whichever applicable) and any other items as specified in
the Instructions of the e-Admit Card to the Venue. No other items shall be
allowed to be taken inside the Venue.

e Possession (even in switch off mode)/use of Mobile Phones and other
Electronics/Communication devices or any other incriminating material
(notes on e-Admit Cards, papers, erasers etc.) or violation of any
Instruction shall entail disciplinary action which may include
cancellation of candidature of candidate, filing of FIR/police complaint
against the candidate, prohibition from appearing in subsequent
Session(s)/day(s) of the Examination. In addition, the Commission may
take any other appropriate action as per provisions contained in the
Examination Rules.

e Candidates are also advised to bring Black Ball Point Pen as the
candidates shall be required to fill the OMR Answer Sheets and
Attendance List with Black Ball Point Pen only.

e Use of normal or simple wrist watches by candidates is allowed inside the
Examination Rooms/ Halls. However, use of watches fitted with any
special accessory that might be used as communication device or smart
watches is strictly prohibited and candidates are not allowed to take such
watches into the Examination Rooms/Halls.

e Those candidates, who have changed their names after matriculation by
adopting due process of law, must carry along e-Admit Card,
Government issued Photo Identity Card and/or original Gazette
Notification of the changed name for the each session of the Examination.

Union Public Service Commission
SS ee
New Delhi-110069, Dated the 07" June, 2024.

@2-

